added linux commands to the cheatsheet (#236)
crescentpartha/CheatSheets-for-Developers: CheatSheets/linux-cheatsheet.md

| `ls -al` | Formatted list of contents for the directory including hidden files |
| `rm file` | Delete file | 
| `rm -r dir` | Delete directory *dir* | 
| `rm -f file` |Force deletes file | 

> | `rm -rf dir` | Force deletes the directory *dir* | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `rm -rf dir` | Forcibly delete the directory "dir" | 
```

> | `rm -rfv fir` | Force deletes the directory *dir* with verbose output |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `rm -rfv dir` | Forcibly delete the directory "dir" with verbose output |
```
